Homepage and footer surface top categories, retire collections (#160)
Swizec/swizec.com: pages/career-growth.mdx

---
title: "Grow your engineering career"
description: "Interviews, salary negotiation, promotions, hiring, and going independent — career lessons from 20 years of writing production code."
content_upgrade: SeniorMindset
archive: "Career|Interviewing|Salary|Compensation|Hiring|Freelancing"
archive_heading: "career essays"
---

import { NewsletterSignup } from "@/components/newsletter-signup"

> Your code gets you to senior. What gets you further is everything around the code — interviews, negotiation, picking the right problems, and knowing what the business actually pays you for.

Author: ```suggestion
Your code gets you to senior. To go further you need more than code — interviews, negotiation, picking the right problems, and knowing what the business actually pays you for. These essays cover the career side of software engineering.
```

> These essays cover the career side of software engineering: getting hired, getting promoted, getting paid, and sometimes going independent.

Author: ```suggestion
```
